MTV-4890: Pre-existing snapshots and SCO migrations (#893)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/about-storage-copy-offload.adoc

You must ensure that your migration plans do not mix VDDK mappings with copy-offload mappings. Because the migration controller copies disks either through CDI volumes (VDDK) or through Volume Populators (copy-offload), all storage pairs in the plan must either include copy-offload details (a `Secret` + product) or none of them must. Otherwise, the plan fails.

For storage copy offload migrations, especially performance-sensitive migrations, it is strongly recommended to delete any preexisting snapshots before you start the migration.

[IMPORTANT]
====
Preexisting snapshots cause {project-short} to create snapshot delta chains. These chains prevent the array from performing block-level hardware acceleration for the hardware clone because the `vmkfstools` clone path used for offload cannot use hardware-accelerated `XCOPY`. 

> As a result, the operation falls back to a software clone (host-based copy). Although such a fallback migration is faster than a standard migration, it increases migration time and Esxi workload compared to an `XCOPY` migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result, the operation falls back to a software clone (host-based copy). Although such a fallback migration is faster than a standard migration, it increases migration time and ESXi workload compared to an `XCOPY` migration.
```

You must ensure that your migration plans do not mix VDDK mappings with copy-offload mappings. Because the migration controller copies disks either through CDI volumes (VDDK) or through Volume Populators (copy-offload), all storage pairs in the plan must either include copy-offload details (a `Secret` + product) or none of them must. Otherwise, the plan fails.

For storage copy offload migrations, especially performance-sensitive migrations, it is strongly recommended to delete any pre-existing snapshots before you start the migration.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Pre-existing snapshots cause {project-short} to create snapshot delta chains. These chains prevent the array from performing block-level hardware acceleration for that clone because the `vmkfstools` clone path used for offload cannot use hardware-accelerated `XCOPY`. As a result, the operation falls back to a software clone (host-based copy). Although such a "fallback" migration is faster than a standard migration, it increases migration time and ESXi workload compared to an `XCOPY` migration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Pre-existing snapshots cause {project-short} to create snapshot delta chains.  

These chains prevent the array from performing block-level hardware acceleration for the hardware clone because the `vmkfstools` clone path used for off load cannot use hardware-accelerated `XCOPY`. 

As a result, the operation falls back to a software clone (host-based copy). Although such a fallback migration is faster than a standard migration, it increases migration time and `ESXi` workload compared to an `XCOPY` migration.
```
I am assuming that `that clone` refers to `hardware clone`. If the terminology is incorrect, please change it accordingly. But I would avoid using `that clone`.

Author: Good point.
